## Getting Started

### Installation
`npx create-nx-workspace` or `npx create-nx-workspace@20.2.1` to define a version.

This will guide you through the setup, asking whether you want a monorepo or a standalone app and whether you want to start with a blank or a preconfigured setup.

### Build & Run

```
nx build products
```

Build the workspace/apps: products.

```
nx serve products
```

Starts the workspace/apps: products.

_Tip:_ When you're working on a specific *remote* application, you should use the *--devRemotes* option to specify the *remote* you are currently developing; e.g. *nx serve host --devRemotes=remote1*. This ensures that the *remote* is served via *webpack-dev-server* allowing for HMR and live reloading.

### Creating & Removing

_create app tip:_ Use to create run the command into workspace directory using e.g. apps/products;

_remove app tip_ In commands using workspace, use @workspace. E.g: `nx g @nx/workspace:remove @react-mfe-monorepo-sample/comments --forceRemove`

```
nx g @nx/react:app apps/products --bundler=rspack
```

Creates in the workspace/apps: apps/products using bundler _rspack_.

```
nx g @nx/workspace:remove @react-mfe-monorepo-sample/products --forceRemove && nx g @nx/workspace:remove @react-mfe-monorepo-sample/products-e2e --forceRemove
```

Removes workspace/apps: products and products-e2e using bundler _rspack_.

### Plugins

Add a new plugin in a workspace.
```
nx add @nx/module-federation
```


### Tips

_Tip: #1:_ 
Use node 18+. I am using `nvm` to manage node. In workspace, I've created a .nvmrc keeping the node version for the current workspace directory.

``` 
node -v > .nvmrc
```

When access the workspace directory via terminal, run: `nvm use`;


### See more
- https://nx.dev/ai-chat
- https://nx.dev/concepts/module-federation/module-federation-and-nx
- https://nx.dev/features/generate-code



